---
layout: page
published: true
title: Frequently Asked Questions
category: home
permalink: ''
---

## WINTER WEATHER ADVISORY: Due to inclement weather, the Municipal Court of Atlanta will close today, Friday December 6, 2017 at 11:30 a.m.  ALL 1PM AND 3PM COURTS ARE CANCELED.


# **Municipal Court of Atlanta**




## How can I pay?

Many tickets can be paid without making a court appearance. To see if your case is eligible, [search for your case here](/mycase), call (404) 658-6940 or try our <a href="https://courtview.atlantaga.gov/pa/EPpa.urd/epmw2000*display" target="_blank">online payment website</a>. Note that it can take up to 14 days for handwritten tickets to appear in the system. If you are unable to find your ticket after this time, call our care hotline at (404) 954-7914.

Parking tickets can be paid online at <a href="https://www.dspayments.com/Atlanta" target="_blank">this website</a>.

Click [here](http://court.atlantaga.gov/pdfs/Court%20of%20Atlanta%20Bond%20Schedule%20revised%202015.pdf) for a list of fines and payable offenses

##Do I have an FTA?
<a href="http://courtview.atlantaga.gov/warrants/" target="_blank">Click here for a searchable list of all open FTA cases.</a>

## What should I do if I miss my court date?

Missing your court date is a serious offense. If you miss your court date for either a criminal or traffic citation, you are in failure to appear (FTA) status and a bench warrant will be issued for your arrest. In addition, your driver’s license will be suspended (see [additional circumstances below](#fta)). If you are pulled over by an officer, you will be arrested.

**The Municipal Court offers special FTA dockets Monday-Friday at 8a and 1p. Doors open at 7a daily. Early arrival is strongly recommended because of limited capacity.**

If you are an out of state driver and you need to schedule a time to resolve your FTA please submit your request [here](http://www.atl311.com/?page_id=115&atlId=1-HQEVE&_crauth=0f1b76975e).

You may be charged an FTA fee for missing your original court date. If you have a valid medical excuse or documentation of being incarcerated, bring evidence to your new court date.

# Before Court

## When is my court date?

Your court date is written on your ticket. On handwritten citations, refer to section IV.

You can also [look up your case](/mycase) to confirm your court date.

[Click here for a list of holiday closures.](http://court.atlantaga.gov/holiday-closings/)

## Do I have to appear in court?

[Search for your case here](/mycase), call (404) 658-6940 or use our [online payment website](https://courtview.atlantaga.gov/pa/EPpa.urd/epmw2000*display) to see if your ticket can be paid and resolved without a court appeareance.

If you are an out of state driver you may be eligible to enter a plea in abstentia. If you are still unsure you should contact the court about your case before the schedule court date.

## Can I change my court date?

In some instances it is possible to change your court date. Follow the link [here](http://www.atl311.com/?page_id=115&atlId=1-HRXQE&_crauth=0f1b76975e) to make your request. You can also mail a letter stating why you cannot make your court appearance, and ask for a new court date. You can submit the letter up to two (2) days before your court date to the clerk's office at the Municipal Court of Atlanta, 150 Garnett Street, SW Atlanta, GA 30303. Please keep in mind, that the court is not obligated to grant your new court date request. **It is your responsibility to contact the clerk's office to find out if your request for a new court date has been granted.**

# At Court

## What should I do on my court date?

*Arrive early.* You should plan to arrive early for your case to compensate for any unexpected delays. Once you arrive in court, you will pass through a mandatory security check before being allowed to enter.

*Identify your court room.* To locate the court room where you case will be heard, find the defendant's name on one of the information screens in the main lobby. You can also ask at the information windows located in the main lobby. 

*Proceed to your courtroom.* Courtrooms are located on the 1st (one floor down from the entrance), 3rd, 5th and 6th floors. Elevators are located to the left of the information windows in the main lobby. There is also a staircase near the security station in the main lobby.

*Check in with courtroom staff.* Each courtroom has staff that can give you more information about your case. Check in with them to learn more about what will be required of you. Be advised that court staff, solicitors and the Judge cannot give you legal advice. Please consult an attorney or a [public defender](/publicdefender) if you have a legal question regarding your case.

*Turn off your phone and other electronic devices.* Remain attentive and do not disturb court proceedings. There may be other cases heard in the same court room that you have been assigned. 

## What are the possible outcomes of my case?

If you enter a guilty plea or a nolo contendere plea you will be required to satisfy the ruling of the court. This may include paying a fine, payable by cash, debit, or credit card. Some offenses can also result in jail time, including mandatory jail time under certain circumstances. You can also be ordered to complete community service or educational programs at the discretion of the judge.

If you request a jury trial, your case will be turned over to <a href="http://www.fultoncourt.org/" target="_blank">Fulton County Court</a>. If found not guilty after trial your case is closed. 

Your case may also be reset for a future date.

# After Court

## <a name="fta"></a>  What happens if my license is suspended because of a Failure to Appear (FTA)?

You will need to appear in court to clear your FTA. After disposition of your case, you will need to reinstate your license at the Department of Driver Services (DDS) using <a href="https://online.dds.ga.gov/OnlineServices/SSIntro.aspx" target="_blank">this online form</a>.

If the court has issued a warrant for your arrest based on the FTA you are at risk of arrest until the warrant has been cleared by the Judge that issued the Warrant.

If you are an out of state driver and you need to schedule a time to resolve your FTA please submit your request [here](http://www.atl311.com/?page_id=115&atlId=1-HQEVE&_crauth=0f1b76975e).
