---
layout: page
published: true
permalink: /judges
title: Judges
mast: /media/gavel.jpg
---






# Judges

## 

* [Honorable Christopher E. Ward](#ward)
* [Honorable Elaine L. Carlisle](#carlisle)
* [Honorable Calvin S. Graves](#graves)
* [Honorable Gary E. Jackson](#jackson)
* [Honorable Crystal A. Gaines](#gaines)
* [Honorable Herman L. Sloan](#sloan)
* [Honorable Terrinee L. Gundy](#gundy)
* [Honorable Leigh M. DuPre](#dupre)
* [Honorable JaDawnya C. Butler](#butler)

## <a name="ward"></a> Judge Christopher E. Ward

Chief Judge Christopher Evan Ward is a native of Atlanta, having graduated from North Fulton High School in 1989. Judge Ward received his Bachelor of Arts degree in International Studies from Morehouse College in 1993. He received his Juris Doctor degree from the University of Miami School of Law, and became licensed to practice law in 1998. Judge Ward began his career as a Staff Attorney with the Fulton County Public Defender's Office in 1998. 

In 2000, Judge Ward joined the Fulton County District Attorney's Office where he prosecuted felony cases in various departments of the office, including the trial, major narcotics, illegal firearms, and community prosecution units. In 2007, he joined the Georgia Power Company as a Senior Staff Attorney. His practice area focused on eminent domain litigation, environmental law, corporate security, and real estate law matters. In 2008, he was appointed to serve as an Associate Judge at the Fulton County Juvenile Court where he served on a pro bono basis from June 2008 until January 2009. 

Judge Ward has been an active member of the Gate City Bar Association since 2004. He has served on the Executive Board, Hall of Fame selection and scholarship committee (Chair 2007-2011) and the Foundation Board between 2005 and 2012. His numerous volunteer activities include serving on the Board of Directors of the John Harlan Boys and Girls Club and Grow Kids, Inc.; mentoring in the Brother to Brother program; and tutoring at A.D. Williams Elementary School. Judge Ward is a member of Cascade United Methodist Church and Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Inc. 

Judge Ward was appointed to the Municipal Court of Atlanta bench by Mayor Kasim Reed in 2012.

Michael Dawson, Case Manager - [MDawson@atlantaga.gov](mailto:mdawson@atlantaga.gov) 

Tracy Armstead, Special Assistant - [TMArmstead@atlantaga.gov](mailto:tmarmstead@atlantaga.gov)

## <a name="carlisle"></a> Judge Elaine Carlisle

Judge Elaine Carlisle has over seventeen years of progressive experience as a Municipal Court Judge in Atlanta with expertise in trying offenses against City ordinances. Judge Carlisle received her Bachelor of Arts degree in Communication in 1977 from Howard University. She went on to receive her Juris Doctorate graduating Magna Cum Laude from John Marshall Law School in 1982. Judge Carlisle has been an Atlanta Municipal Court Judge since 1989; she was the Assistant City Solicitor at the Atlanta Municipal Court from 1983 until 1989; and a Law Clerk at the Office of the City Solicitor at the Atlanta Municipal Court from 1982 through 1983. Judge Carlisle has received numerous certifications including but not limited to Municipal Court Judges Training Council in 1989-2003, American Judicature Society in 1992, American Judges Association Educational Certification in 1996, and the American Academy of Judicial Education in 1997.

Judge Carlisle has authored several publications and proposals including, “When You Must Go to Municipal Court,” an in-service training manual for the Atlanta Police Department and a proposal for a “Drug Free Fulton County,” which helped to establish a comprehensive drug plan as an alternative to institutionalization. She has received numerous awards including but not limited to an Outstanding Woman Achiever in the Judiciary Award in 1990, an award from the Gate City Bar Association, the R. Pruden Herndon Service Award in 1987, and the Wig and Gavel Outstanding Scholar Award in 1982. Judge Carlisle is a member of The National Association of Women Judges, The American Judges Association, the NAACP(a life member), The State Bar of Georgia, The Atlanta Bar Association, The Gate City Bar Association, The Georgia Trial Lawyers Association, the Howard University Alumni Association and the Atlanta Alumni Chapter of the Delta Sigma Theta Sorority.

## <a name="graves"></a> Judge Calvin S. Graves

Judge Graves was appointed to the Municipal Court bench in 2005.  Prior to being appointed to the Municipal Court bench, Judge Graves served as Chief Judge, Judge, and Pro Hac Judge of the City Court of Atlanta to which he was appointed in 1993. 

Judge Graves has a long career in Civil and Criminal law.  He was previously a partner in the civil law firm of Smolar, Brantley, and Barnes, where he served for many years.  Judge Graves had the honor of serving as Special Assistant Attorney General for the State of Georgia, Associate Judge of Fulton County Juvenile Court, Child Advocate of Fulton County, Associate Public Defender of Fulton County, Assistant Solicitor General of Fulton County, Conflict Attorney for the U.S. Public Defender’s office, and Adjunct Professor in the paralegal program at Atlanta Technical College. 

Judge Graves is a member of many professional and community organizations.  He is a past president of the Gate City Bar Association, past president of the Gate City Bar Association Foundation, past member of the editorial board of the State Bar of Georgia Journal, and founding co-chair of the Gate City Bar Association Judicial Section.  He is a member of the League of Women Voters, a graduate of the Leadership Atlanta class of 1993, and a founding member of the 100 Black Men of DeKalb County. 

Judge Graves is a recipient of many awards and honors, but he is particularly proud of the award he received in honor of his mentor Judge Clarence Cooper.  Known as the Judge Clarence Cooper Judicial Section Award, this award is given to jurists for outstanding service to the judiciary and the community.  Judge Graves is a member of the National Bar Association, the American Bar Association, the Atlanta Bar Association and the Gate City Bar Association.

## <a name="jackson"></a> Judge Gary E. Jackson

Judge Gary E. Jackson is a native Atlantan, having graduated from Northside High School (now North Atlanta) in 1968. Judge Jackson received a BS from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in 1972 and graduated cum laude from the University of Georgia School of Law in 1975, where he was a senior editor on the Georgia Law Review.

Judge Jackson was an Assistant Legislative Counsel to the General Assembly of Georgia in 1975-76 and opened his private law practice in 1977. Judge Jackson returned to General Assembly to serve as Legal Aid to Lt. Governor Zell Miller in 1978-79, and continued practicing law, concentrating in commercial collection matters, for over 25 years.

In the 1984, Judge Jackson was appointed by Mayor Andrew Young as a hearing officer for the Atlanta Bureau of Taxi Cabs and Vehicles for Hire and later by Fulton State Court Chief Judge Charles Carnes as a pro hac Magistrate Judge in Fulton County. In 1988 Judge Jackson was appointed as a pro hac Judge to the City Court of Atlanta and in 1995 as a pro hac judge in the Municipal Court of Atlanta. Judge Jackson became a full-time judge in the City Court of Atlanta in 2000 and on June 30, 2005, was appointed by Mayor Shirley Franklin as a judge in the Municipal Court of Atlanta. 

Judge Jackson has been a featured lecturer for the Atlanta Bar Association, Institute of Continuing Legal Education, Institute of Continuing Judicial Education, and the National Business Institute. He hosted the "Legal Action with Gary Jackson" program on WSB radio for eight years and was the founder of the Gate City B'nai B'rith "Pinch Hitter Project", the recipient of President George H. Bush's 335th point of Light Award. 

Sylvia Zazueta, Case Manager - [SZazueta@atlantaga.gov](mailto:szazueta@atlantaga.gov)

Cynthia Childs, Special Assistant - [CChilds@atlantaga.gov](mailto:cchilds@atlantaga.gov)

## <a name="gaines"></a> Judge Crystal A. Gaines

Judge Gaines has over fifteen years of legal experience with expertise in criminal law and excellent knowledge of State and Municipal Court processes. She has experience in jury and non-jury trials, as well as, legal administration. Judge Gaines received a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science in 1984 at Albany State College, a Juris Doctorate from North Carolina Central University of Law in 1989, and a Master of Laws in Litigation from Atlanta Law School in 1994. She has developed seminars for the Georgia Indigent Defense Council and was instrumental in developing and implementing the Drug Defense Resource Center (GDIC) and Fulton County Defenders, Inc.  Judge Gaines was chosen to participate in the international monitoring program for the Truth and Reconciliation Commission hearings in South Africa. Judge Gaines was appointed in May 2010 to take over the post of Chief Judge when Judge Deborah S. Greene retired from the Municipal Court bench.  She completed her term as Chief Judge in May 2013 and continues to sit on the bench at the as a Judge at Municipal Court.

Her organizational affiliations, memberships and honors are:  Georgia Association of Black Women Attorneys (GABWA); Georgia Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers; American Civil Liberties Union (Executive Board-1991); National Lawyers Guild (Committee on South Africa); Atlantans for Democracy in South Africa (Chairperson – 1992); America Friends Service Committee (Executive Committee-Chair 1996-1999); National Legal Aid and Defender Association; Fulton County Conflict Defender, Inc. (Board President); National Conference of Black Lawyers; National Council of Negro Women; and Zeta Phi Beta Sorority.

## <a name="sloan"></a> Judge Herman L. Sloan

Judge Herman L. Sloan was appointed to the Atlanta Municipal Court bench by Mayor Bill Campbell in January 2002. As a judge of the Municipal Court, Judge Sloan presides over the Community Court Division which includes specialty court initiatives such as the Teen Learning Court program, Restorative Board Program, and sentencing alternatives for mental health and substance abuse offenders. Prior to being appointed to the bench, Judge Sloan served as the Chief Assistant Solicitor General for the State Court of Fulton County. Judge Sloan also served as an Assistant District Attorney for Fulton County. He began his legal career as an Attorney with Georgia Legal Services in Macon, Georgia and in 1983, he was appointed an Assistant City Solicitor for the Atlanta Municipal Court. Judge Sloan served as a Regional Attorney with the United States Department of Education, Office for Civil Rights. On May 1, 2013, Judge Sloan was appointed to the post of Municipal Court Chief Judge replacing the outgoing Chief Judge, Crystal A. Gaines. He served in that capacity until 2015.

Judge Sloan received his bachelor’s degree in community development from Georgia State University. He is an honor graduate of North Carolina Central University’s School of Law, where he served on the editorial board of the law journal. 

Judge Sloan was appointed by Governor Roy Barnes to serve on the Governor’s Commission on Certainty in Sentencing. He has served on Board of Directors of the Atlanta Legal Aid Society and is a member of the Leadership Atlanta Class of 2001. Judge Sloan is a member of the Gate City and State Bar Associations. He has served as a mock trial coach and mentor to students at Banneker High School, Our Lady of Lourdes, St. Anthony’s, Paul L. Dunbar and East Lake Meadows elementary schools. 

Shanterius Churn, Case Manager - [SFChurn@atlantaga.gov](mailto:sfchurn@atlantga.gov)

Addis Jones, Special Assistant - [AEJones@atlantaga.gov](mailto:aejones@atlantaga.gov)

Kristy Lewis, Judicial Assistant - [KDLewis@atlantaga.gov](mailto:kdlewis@atlantaga.gov)

## <a name="gundy"></a> Judge Terrinee L. Gundy

As a magna cum laude graduate of Clark Atlanta University, Judge Gundy earned a Bachelor’s of Science in Political Science with a minor in Mathematics in 1996; and a Juris Doctorate from University of Georgia School of Law in 2000. Upon graduation from law school, Judge Gundy worked as a state and local tax associate for KPMG and Cox Communications, Inc. respectively. Subsequently, Judge Gundy entered into the private practice of law focusing on real estate law, business transactions and negotiations, as well as, public and government law. 

In 2012, Judge Gundy was appointed to the bench of the Magistrate Court of Fulton County. Judge Gundy presided over traffic matters, local code violations, probable cause and bond hearings, non-jury trials and warrant applications in Magistrate Court. As a Magistrate Judge, she also participated in several programs related to educating the youth and public about the judicial system, including the Gate City Bar Judicial Section’s “Journey to Judge” Program and the Emory School of Law Moot Court Competition. Prior to being appointed to the Magistrate Court of Fulton County, Judge Gundy served as an adjunct professor for John Marshall Law School teaching “Accounting for Lawyers” and “Law Firm Management”. 

Integrally involved in the community, Judge Gundy has served and partnered with The Andrew Young Foundation, The King Center, Woodruff Arts Center, Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta, National Black Arts Festival, 100 Black Men of Atlanta and Year Up Atlanta. Judge Gundy was also a co-founder of the Collective Renaissance Guild, a 501(c)3non-profit organization comprised of Gen-X professionals charged with developing civic and cultural leaders while integrating the arts, philanthropy and social change programs. Judge Gundy served as the first and only female mentor for Judge J. Antonio DelCampo’s Male Intervention Program in DeKalb County focused on preventing recidivism by criminal offenders from 18-24 years of age and as a Guardian Ad Litem for children in the Truancy Invention Program. 

Judge Gundy has received recognition for professional accomplishments, including being featured as one of Atlanta’s Top 25 Women in Business by Rolling Out Magazine in 2010 and a featured attorney in the 2012 Atlanta Tribune Magazine. Judge Gundy is a member of Elizabeth Baptist Church and Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. 

On June10, 2013, Mayor Kasim Reed appointed Judge Terrinee L. Gundy to the bench of the Municipal Court of Atlanta.

Nicole Rozier, Case Manager - [NRozier@atlantaga.gov](mailto:nrozier@atlantaga.gov)

Deshanna Wiggins, Special Assistant - [DCWiggins@atlantaga.gov](mailto:dcwiggins@atlantaga.gov)

## <a name="dupre"></a> Judge Leigh M. DuPre

Judge Leigh M. DuPre was appointed to the Atlanta Municipal Court Bench in 2013 by Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed. 

Judge DuPre is a native of Rome, Georgia. She earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Political Science from Berry College, and graduated cum laude from the University of Georgia School of Law. While in law school she participated as volunteer counsel in the Atlanta Legal Aid project representing Cuban detainees in federal prison. She is a member of the Atlanta Bar Association, Georgia Bar Association, the American Bar Association and Omicron Delta Kappa. She is a member of Haygood Memorial United Methodist Church, where she has served in various capacities including chairing the Weekday Children’s Ministries Board. 

Judge DuPre brings a wealth of criminal trial experience with her to the Court, having worked for eighteen years in the Fulton County District Attorney’s office, trying more than 65 jury trials and several hundred bench trials ranging from minor traffic offenses to murder, rape and drug trafficking. As an Assistant District Attorney she worked closely with local law enforcement, community prosecutors and community leaders to help improve the safety and quality of life in Atlanta neighborhoods. She also served as the original prosecutor in Judge Isaac Jenrette’s pilot Drug Court program, which sought to lower the recidivism rate through the use of alternative sentencing. She was promoted to serve as Chief of the Major Narcotics Unit in 2001, and supervised a group of attorneys who prosecuted drug trafficking cases in metro Atlanta and worked closely with state and federal narcotics officers, providing training and guidance. She was eventually promoted to Deputy District Attorney and served as a supervisor in various sections of the Trial Division and in the Public Integrity Unit. Prior to her tenure in the Fulton District Attorney’s office, she served as an Assistant Solicitor in both Clayton and DeKalb Counties, and served as a judicial law clerk to a United States Magistrate in the Southern District of Georgia.

## <a name="butler"></a> Judge JaDawnya C. Butler

Judge JaDawnya C. Butler was appointed to the Atlanta Municipal Court by Mayor Kasim Reed on March 20, 2015, making her the 9th and youngest judge on the Atlanta Municipal Court Bench.  Prior to her appointment, Judge Butler served for over four years in the Fulton County District Attorney’s Office as a Chief Senior Assistant District Attorney in the following divisions: Community Prosecution, Complex Trial, Public Integrity and Crimes Against Women & Children.  Beforehand, Judge Butler started her own boutique practice immediately following law school and served the greater Atlanta community as a solo-practitioner with The Butler Law Group, L.L.C. for five years.

Judge Butler is a proud graduate of Spelman College where she earned a Bachelor of Arts in English and History in 2001 and graduated with honors.  Judge Butler received her Juris Doctor from the University of Florida, Levin College of Law in 2004 where she earned the highest grades in several of her classes and spoke at her law school graduation.  She is the recipient of The University of Florida’s Black Law Students Association’s 2006 Outstanding Alumni Award.  Additionally, Judge Butler is an elected member of the State Bar of Georgia’s Board of Governors and is a 2008 graduate of the State Bar of Georgia’s Young Lawyers Division’s Leadership Academy.  

Judge Butler served as President of the Georgia Association of Black Women Attorneys (“GABWA”) in 2012. She is the founder of GABWA’s national award-winning Judicial & Public Office Academy and Trial Masters Boot Camp. 

In the past, Judge Butler served the community as the leader of the Perkerson Elementary Reading Program, a program founded by the Gate City Bar Association’s Judicial Section to mentor third grade boys through weekly lunchtime reading sessions.  She also volunteered weekly in “Legal Lives” where she taught elementary school students about the legal system and led them in a mock trial competition.  In 2012 & 2014 she was named one of Atlanta’s “Top 100 Black Women of Influence” by the Atlanta Business League. She was featured as the cover story for The Daily Report’s 2012 annual attorneys “On the Rise” edition, awarded the 2012 Special Commendation Award by the African Leadership Magazine and named one of Atlanta’s “Top 100 Law Leaders” by the Atlanta Business Chronicle.  In 2012, she was also awarded “Community Prosecutor of the Year” by the Fulton County District Attorney, Mr. Paul L. Howard, Jr. 

In 2013, she was honored by the National Bar Association as one of the “Nation’s Best Advocates: 40 lawyers under 40.”  In 2013, Judge Butler also became an inaugural honoree of the Lawyers of Color’s “Hot List” which recognizes 100 lawyers under 40 who excel in the legal community.  She is a member of the Outstanding Atlanta Class of 2013 and the 2013 Class of LEAD Atlanta.  In 2014, she was honored in the inaugural “Emerging Leaders” Class of Who’s Who in Black Atlanta and awarded the Ronda F. Williams’ Professionalism Award by the National Bar Association’s Young Lawyers Division.

Renee Turner, Special Assistant - [RCTurner@atlantaga.gov](mailto:rcturner@atlantaga.gov)
