---
layout: page
published: true
title: Warrant Amnesty Program
permalink: "/warrant-amnesty-info"
---
# 2015 Warrant Amnesty Program

## 

* [What is warrant amnesty?](#1)
* [Why is the court doing this now?](#2)
* [When does the amnesty period begin?](#3)
* [How can I find out if I have a FTA warrant?](#4)
* [How does it amnesty work?](#5)
* [What are my payment options?](#6)
* [What if I do not live in Atlanta or work out of town?](#7)
* [Will I be able to have my driver’s license reinstated?](#8)
* [What if I have questions?](#9)



## 
## <a name="1"></a>**What is warrant amnesty?**
For a limited time only the Municipal Court of Atlanta is offering warrant amnesty as a goodwill gesture to individuals who face arrest and other penalties due to a past failure to appear (FTA) at court.  Under the program outstanding warrants issued before <b>November 18, 2014</b> will be cancelled and the contempt fee will be waived, thereby allowing individuals to resolve their outstanding court case.  

## <a name="2"></a>**Why is the court doing this now?**
The Municipal Court of Atlanta has thousands of active warrants it is seeking to clear. Now is the time for citizens to take advantage of the warrant set aside and resolve all delinquent court cases. Once the amnesty period ends the City of Atlanta will aggressively enforce all active warrants.  Citizens are encouraged to contact the court immediately in order to avoid arrest in the future. 

## <a name="3"></a>**When does the amnesty period begin?**
The eight week amnesty period is February 2, 2015 through March 27, 2015.  Court hours of operation are Monday – Friday, 7am – 5:30pm.

The court will open on Saturday, March 21, 2015 at 10a.m. to serve those who wish to participate in the amnesty program but cannot attend court during regular business hours.

## <a name="4"></a>**How can I find out if I have a FTA warrant?**
For information on warrants issued by the Municipal Court of Atlanta visit the court’s website at <a href="http://court.atlantaga.gov/warrants/" target="_blank">http://court.atlantaga.gov/warrants/</a> or contact the Municipal Court Warrant Department at (404) 658-6959. 

## <a name="5"></a>**How does it amnesty work?**

### **Step 1. Register.**  
Complete the <a href="http://dit-webtest-01/drfcc/waf.aspx" target="_blank">online registration form</a>, contact us at 404 658-6959 to receive a form by mail, or register in person at the Municipal Court of Atlanta, 150 Garnett Street SW, Atlanta, GA 30303. 

### **Step 2. Await communication. **
A court representative will contact you once the registration form has been processed.  You will receive instructions on next steps. Depending on the violation, an in-person court appearance may be required to resolve your case.    

### **Step 3. Pay or Appear. **
Pay the outstanding amount in full online, submit payment by mail or in-person. Court staff will advise you if payment cannot be processed because your case requires an in-person court appearance. 

### **Step 4. Await documents.** 
Once your case has been resolved, the court will furnish you with the following: (1) written documentation the warrant has been cancelled, a court fine and fee release form (DDS 912) and a certified copy of case disposition.   

## <a name="6"></a>**What are my payment options?**
Acceptable payment options include:

### **Pay In Person:** 
Visit the Lenwood A. Jackson, Sr. Justice Center, 150 Garnett Street, SW, Atlanta, GA 30303, Monday ~ Friday, 7:00 AM ~ 5:30 PM.  

### **Pay By Mail:**    
Mail your cashier’s check or money order to Municipal Court of Atlanta, 150 Garnett Street, SW, Atlanta, GA 30303.  Personal and business checks are no longer accepted.  For accurate processing, 
please include the citation number or a copy of the ticket along with your payment. Do not send cash in the mail.  

### **Pay by Web:**    
If your fine is eligible for online payment you may submit payment beginning February 2, 2015.

## <a name="7"></a>**What if I do not live in Atlanta or work out of town?**
The amnesty offer is also available for individuals who reside outside of or work away from the metro-Atlanta area. If you wish to take advantage of amnesty but live or work outside of Atlanta please contact the court at 404 658-6959 and request to amnesty through “Plea in-absentia.” Plea in absentia means that you would like to make a plea of “guilty” or “no contest” on your case without having to come to court.    

## <a name="8"></a>**Will I be able to have my driver’s license reinstated?**
For more information on the driver’s license reinstatement process please contact the Georgia Department of Driver’s Services at (678) 413 8400 or visit <a href="www.dds.ga.gov" target="_blank">www.dds.ga.gov/</a>.  

## <a name="9"></a>**What if I have questions? **
For more information concerning the warrant amnesty program or for further assistance please contact the Municipal Court of Atlanta at (404) 658-6959 or dial 311 to reach the ATL311 call center.

Please also feel free to contact Christopher T. Patterson, Court administrator at 404 954-6711.
